Let's start now Grand Prix-
It is a start from sfc Mario circuit
Inflator
Huge this is a cake type cake type
Shimura 0
Smoked why wall this ne of it stability seems to go there wearing
But through with this guess you out
The
It has been a safe I was put 1
Probably because Maia of mind I seemed to hit something two people Ne I have two people in Kino Pi public Leo
Well then there might be something like Iranian Wall Gon .
Here is the target of the bullet
Is that the flower that was the best ?
That's how far Tanaka is-
Come stuck Noriko of the station is to
Because ride on
I wonder if I will be able to catch up
It is an item of the item
Gradually the difference when I ran to the usually you please open
If you keep the inside thrust
It was quite caught up by mushroom cut came
You can see it and you've run away
What I guess there was do what I am Fuji City without start Thunder softening 10 people warfare
I use a company
No, I can't remember if there are 10 people in the first place
Yes
Second race I Truly less time you see often something Luigi Circuit
Production 46 seconds?
What happened
I wonder if it was okay with a short short force
I do not remember why before marriage
It will be squid in the shade
It contains and was oh
It is 12 people
I wonder if it will fall down but it's hard to shave.
Mushrooms are visible
Kept people
Now it is white computing Japan card
It's a bit slow but it's slow-if you think about the hole zag now, it's a little more f
me
I wonder what about
If it doesn't come out with a mushroom, I feel like it doesn't mean Inami.
This Thunder evasion will strongly take Mr. Yahoo's position
N one Gaa Tamer Takeshi of mother
Oh
This is r because it has fallen 3
It is I would avoid Apollo and gears
Par party
Not ua
I ran away well ok ok that would be fine
It is in the 4th place, and it is good high and it is an announcement personally for yourself
Hey But I think almost win was determined at the time of the 4 Iki production
What I'm not trying to is Oh float
Good Boz second series course 3 strokes
How was the next life
Oh, I thought it was impossible but I could n't erase it .
I think
Round the lid in
Skin was I
That the lightweight month machine just above at the Well in using Toka so thought it was huh everyone cart
Big size
If you say
I can kill it offline
I have two pieces I have
Rather I have to use this machine, so I have to win.
everyone on the ride on
It's imposed indeed
Gay
It messed It is this Thunder is tight
Thank you very much for Nossa
Naa it takes also well open
I think that the power of today is tight
each other
I'm sorry I went to Ashen Thunder
I 've been searching whether I was going to live
It was a small mistake I think that I had never had that mistake
Right
Then I think that I will put in the tab first place
I think that time is acceptable
And the final 64 Mario ahead etc
It's a short course hit and maybe you 'll be chased in six minutes 1 Grand Prix
Oh, I see.
There will be such a thing
Otter
Please do not think that you abandoned
I saw
orange
I like Do and from after the end domination'll also lowered culture juicer something Hiroshi Takeshi-year-old housewife
I started to communicate with twitter
The last time I follow that follow me down who I'm following is orange
I was there
It endedｰｰｰ
If it was decided that it was beautiful now , it was beautiful 9 street
6 Mr. Yamai is doing its best No
We worked hard in 1 minute 404 steps, but of pipeline duty eggplant
One minute 404
Oh sorry you too sorry
This is the currency exchange that I have done
I will cook something behind
It is Nakagaki hand 1 minute 44
It feels like I'm stopping at 1 minute 45 seconds 14 now
I can't do it right now, put on Minnie and ride a little
j It's difficult to put in
Don't care
Here at 300 soup was probably Do
Think the world
Maybe I'm not avoiding behind
I 'm going back to that point
Because I am not counting behind you at the head of the city with +
Hmm
Do you think I or minute and woman doctor has been confirmed
Also it is up to the mushroom, but it is better to go to smash it
It certainly ensures barking
If you are thrown banana scary
We are
1 cot avant-garde
It was good because there was no Kinki in the back
Thank you very much for watching me if you do not have 50 points
I was tired customers